[audio playing...]
Russians targets our infrastructure
creating disasters. Imagine the streets
We are working on now, without any
electricity, foods and supermarkets,
restaurants routes quickly without
refrigeration. And for days there are no
lights at home in shock windows, from
street lamps. You learn to keep your
phone charged and always carry a power
bank and the torch passers by lights
have the pavements like fireflies total
darkness in the city's dangerous hide in
many obstacles and unknown. But darkness
also provokes a lot of life. And if you
look above you, the stars are like big
clumps. As much as possible, each person
becomes used to the new role and the
teachers start lessons again, reminding
their students
when you hear popping sounds, don't be
afraid. These are not rockets. That is
our air defense shooting down the soils.
When you hear firework sounds, these
rockets move away from the windows and
hide behind the walls. When you hear
whistling sounds that is a plane. The
plane carries bombs. Lie on the floor
and cover your head. Open your mouth to
avoid confusion. If the wound is deep,
fly the pressure above the wound. Write
down the time of application and try to
find the doctor. If you have a panic
attack, don't breathe deeply. Breathe in
the package or hold your breath. Four
times four. wrap yourself in a blank.
hug yourself tightly. Solve a maths
problem. Don't forget about your exams.
Life is priceless. The world will eat
sweets to replenish calories.
By the middle of spring, lilac starts to
blossom. And it's impossible in the
darkness to understand. If you're
looking at an outpost covered with white
nitrile or lilac bushes blooming. It is
something beautiful sunset connected to
war. You can only tell if you smell it.
Even though wars still ongoing send the
back splits as grass and flowers begin
to grow out of them. Everything becomes
mixed absurdities with awful things, all
in one story. But despite how war has
marked our cities, our greatest treasure
our people persist. And musicians like
Charlie's graduate studies go out on the
streets to play amongst the rubble of
the Belgians
[music playing...]